Status
December 22, 2003
Another nice update for you ... A release !!!

The release has several of the things I was aiming for completed, but there is still much planned for future releases. Done:
Loading of Zipped ROM files
Full Save State Loading and Saving (compressed)
New GUI (as previewed)
GUI Screen Calibration (with Saving)
In-game GUI
In-Game Screen calibration
New config saving system done
Memcard Manager
Multi-tap support
(multi-tap must be in port 2 when starting emulator
C4 games fixed
Planned for future release
MC Support for loading ROMs from Memory Card
Hard Drive Support for loading Emu and ROMs from Hard Drive
SDD1 decompression, to get sDD1 games working
New sound core
New graphics core

July 7, 2003
Another nice update for you ...

Done:
Loading of Zipped ROM files
Full Save State Loading and Saving (compressed)
GUI Screen Calibration (with Saving)
New config saving system done
Still In-progress:
In-game GUI
In-Game Screen calibration
Memcard Manager

June 29, 2003
A quick progress update ...

Done:
New config saving system done
Save State Loading (uncompressed)
Still In-progress:
Screen calibration (with saving)
In-game GUI
Memcard Manager
Save State Loading (uncompressed)
Compressed Save-States
I am also trying to get zipped ROM support into the next release, but can't guarantee this will be done before the next release
June 13, 2003
Well, what can I say ... It's been a while !
The next release of SNES-Station isn't quite ready yet, but it's getting there...

Done:
New main GUI
Faster CD loading
Full CD directory browsing
New PS2 Graphics Library
DMS3 Support (un-tested)
and more
Still to be done (for next release):
In-game options menu (in progress)
Full save-state support (in progress)
Memory Card Manager (in progress)
For subsequent releases:
Full graphics core re-write to use hardware acceleration (in progress)
Sound core optimisation (started)

July 21, 2002
The first public beta release is now available. This release is just the first public release, and work will still be continuing.

Many updates have been made, including ...
No more need for a rom list file
Full Joliet CD support - reads filename from CD
Full Sound support - with 12/24/48KHz and Mono/Stereo options
Better gfx code - high-res supoort to be added later
Memory Card SRAM save support - with nice memory card icon
There is still many new things planned ...
Complete graphics core re-write giving 100% speed on almost all games
Super-FX core optimisation to speed-up SuperFX games
Optimisation of sound emulation core
Full support for High-res SNES games
Full State Save support - saving to Memory Card
In-game options menu for managing save states etc
Support for zipped ROMs
Game-Genie cheat-code support
USB Mouse support for SNES Mouse games


March 06, 2002
Since I restarted work on the emulator a couple of months ago I have been pretty busy ...

I've been writing/porting my own libraries for the PS2, and have started using the GNU compiler.
By using my own libraries this has allowed me to do numerous optimisations to fairly basic functions, which otherwise do not make full use of the EE processor.
I have also been working on some optimisations to the emulators graphics core, which should (when finished) give some further speed increases.

I hope to have almost all games (maybe with the exception of SuperFX stuff) running at full framerate, before the first public release.

I will not promise a release date for the first public release, but I do hope this will be soon. (The first public release is likely to be lacking sound/savegame support - but these should make it into the second public release)


August 20, 2001
An update at last !

Simple GUI working nicely
An INI file is used to give readable names for the GUI.
This seemed preferable to using ROM headers which are often corrupt
A Controller bug has been fixed, this was affecting several games
(including the Donkey Kong Country & Bomberman series)
The core has been updated to v1.37c (the current latest core)
SuperFX emulation is now working
(This is currently VERY slow, since it is using the 'C' core)
There is still much to do ...
Fix DSP1 Emulation (I wanna play PilotWings and MarioKart ;)
Add auto frameskip (hopefully this wont be needed permanently)
Add sound support (shouldnt be too hard)
Optimise!!!
I have quite a few ideas on how to speed things up
Speed is currently 50%-100% depending on game (except superfx)


July 23, 2001
Just a quick update to say that I have fixed the screen cropping bug, but haven't had much time for any further progress over the past couple of days.


July 19, 2001
As mentioned on the news page I got the emulator running properly with a pretty decent display last night. The only graphical glitch (which isn't present in any other port of Snes9x - I'm currently using the v1.29 core) is that the right-hand 1/12th of the screen is cropped. (I should be able to get this sorted soon)

The speed of the emulator is not fixed at the moment (no frame-skipping etc), and with VSync enabled the emulator is running at between 38fps and 58fps.

It should be possible to increase the speed quite soon, as the code still contains a lot of debug stuff, and is not optimised at all. I think I should be able to get a steady 60fps for the final release (whenever that may be).

My objectives for the next couple of weeks are ...
Fix the graphics cropping bug
Get ROMs loading from CD (currently just loading a ROM of fixed name via firewire)
Move to a newer Snes9x core (currently using v1.29, probably move to v1.37c)
Add sound support (Sound is currently emulated, but the PS2s sound hardware is not in use yet)
Start work on a GUI for selecting ROMs from CD
Start work on optimisation (may offload some tasks to the PS2s IOP, or might write some of the core in EE assembler)


July 05, 2001
I've re-started work on debugging the gfx display code, but time is limited, so it may be a little while before much progress is made. However I'm pretty sure that I know what the main problems are and how to fix them, so it's just a matter of time.


June 15, 2001
The emulator core is pretty much ported. And the emulator will now load a rom of a fixed name via firewire. I've been debugging the gfx display code, and work is progressing well.

The emulator will be on hold for 2 weeks while I'm away, but I will continue when I return.

The next few tasks are to finish debugging the display code, add a basic gui, and do the cdrom loading code. Sound support and mem-card saves will be added at a later date.